Prune deprecated: classification and regression (#806)
PyTorchLightning/metrics: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed deprecated functions, and warnings in Text ([#773](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/metrics/pull/773))
  * `functional.wer`
  * `WER`

> - Removed deprecated functions, and warnings in Text ([#806](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/metrics/pull/806))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated functions, and warnings in classification and regression ([#806](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/metrics/pull/806))
```
